cloud: add 20260120 release notes (#22352)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-release-notes.md

            - **PrivateLink**: establishes a secure and private connection between your source VPC and TiDB Cloud, bypassing the public internet to ensure maximum data privacy and reduced network latency.

      Currently, the Data Migration feature only supports logical mode.
  
        For more information, see [Migrate Existing and Incremental Data Using Data Migration](/tidb-cloud/migrate-from-mysql-using-data-migration.md) and [Migrate Incremental Data Using Data Migration](/tidb-cloud/migrate-incremental-data-from-mysql-using-data-migration.md).

    - Display real client IP addresses in the [Slow Query](/tidb-cloud/tune-performance.md#slow-query) view, [DB audit logs](/tidb-cloud/essential-database-audit-logging.md), and the [`INFORMATION_SCHEMA.PROCESSLIST`](/information-schema/information-schema-processlist.md) table (public preview)

        TiDB Cloud now supports client IP pass-through, enabling the Slow Query view, DB audit logs, and the `INFORMATION_SCHEMA.PROCESSLIST` table, to display the real client IP address instead of the Load Balancer (LB) IP. This feature helps accurately identify the true source of database requests for better troubleshooting and analysis. 

>         Currently, this feature is in public preview and is available only in the AWS region `Frankfurt (eu-central-1)`.

Author: ```suggestion
    - Display real client IP addresses in the [Slow Query](/tidb-cloud/tune-performance.md#slow-query) view, [DB audit logs](/tidb-cloud/essential-database-audit-logging.md), and the [`INFORMATION_SCHEMA.PROCESSLIST`](/information-schema/information-schema-processlist.md) table (beta)

        TiDB Cloud now supports client IP pass-through, enabling the Slow Query view, DB audit logs, and the `INFORMATION_SCHEMA.PROCESSLIST` table, to display the real client IP address instead of the Load Balancer (LB) IP. This feature helps accurately identify the true source of database requests for better troubleshooting and analysis. 

        Currently, this feature is in beta and is available only in the AWS region `Frankfurt (eu-central-1)`.
```

**Console changes**

- Improve the support experience with plan-aware support options.

    The TiDB Cloud console now offers plan-aware support options to enhance the support experience across all subscription plans. These updates include:

    - **Plan-aware support redirection**: on the cluster overview page, selecting **Get Support** in the **Actions** column directs you to the most relevant resource based on your subscription plan. Users on the Basic plan are guided to the **Support Plan** panel, and users on paid plans are directed to the **Support Portal**.
    - **Refined Help Center menu**: rename help menu items to **Support Options** and **Support Tickets** to better reflect available services. Add tooltips to clarify that technical support tickets are available only for paid plans.

>     - **Clear community support access**: within the **Support Plan** options, Slack and Discord are clearly identified as the primary technical support channels for Basic plan users. The following documentation is streamlined to clarify support channel policies and community access: [Get Support](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-support.md), [Connected Care Overview](/tidb-cloud/connected-care-overview.md), and [Connected Care Details](/tidb-cloud/connected-care-detail.md).

Author: ```suggestion
    - **Clear community support access**: within the **Support Plan** options, Slack and Discord are clearly identified as the primary technical support channels for Basic plan users. The following documentation is streamlined to clarify support channel policies and community access: [TiDB Cloud Support](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-support.md), [Connected Care Overview](/tidb-cloud/connected-care-overview.md), and [Connected Care Details](/tidb-cloud/connected-care-detail.md).
```

This page lists the release notes of [TiDB Cloud](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud/) in 2026.

## January 20, 2026

**General changes**

- **TiDB Cloud Starter**

    - Display real client IP addresses in the [Slow Query](/tidb-cloud/tune-performance.md#slow-query) view and the [`INFORMATION_SCHEMA.PROCESSLIST`](/information-schema/information-schema-processlist.md) table (public preview)

        TiDB Cloud now supports client IP pass-through, enabling the Slow Query view and the `INFORMATION_SCHEMA.PROCESSLIST` table, to display the real client IP address instead of the Load Balancer (LB) IP. This feature helps accurately identify the true source of database requests for better troubleshooting and analysis. 

>         Currently, this feature is in public preview and is available only in the AWS region `Oregon (us-west-2)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Currently, this feature is in public preview and is available only in the AWS region `Frankfurt (eu-central-1)`.
```

        For more information, see [Analyze and Tune Performance](/tidb-cloud/tune-performance.md).

- **TiDB Cloud Essential**

>     - Support data migration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Support data migration (public preview).
```

  
        For more information, see [Migrate Existing and Incremental Data Using Data Migration](/tidb-cloud/migrate-from-mysql-using-data-migration.md) and [Migrate Incremental Data Using Data Migration](/tidb-cloud/migrate-incremental-data-from-mysql-using-data-migration.md).

    - Display real client IP addresses in the [Slow Query](/tidb-cloud/tune-performance.md#slow-query) view and the [`INFORMATION_SCHEMA.PROCESSLIST`](/information-schema/information-schema-processlist.md) table (public preview)

        TiDB Cloud now supports client IP pass-through, enabling the Slow Query view and the `INFORMATION_SCHEMA.PROCESSLIST` table, to display the real client IP address instead of the Load Balancer (LB) IP. This feature helps accurately identify the true source of database requests for better troubleshooting and analysis. 

        Currently, this feature is in public preview and is available only in the AWS region `Frankfurt (eu-central-1)`.

        For more information, see [Database Audit Logging (Beta) for {{{ .essential }}}](/tidb-cloud/essential-database-audit-logging.md).    

**Console changes**

- Make support options plan-aware to improve the support experience

>     To improve the support experience across different subscription plans, make the following improvements:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    The TiDB Cloud console now offers plan-aware support options to enhance the support experience across all subscription plans. These updates include:
```
